STEP: Probabilistic forecasting (#15)
sktime/enhancement-proposals: steps/12_proba_forecasting/step.md

* `predict_proba` returns the predictive law of the random variable $Y$, i.e., a full distribution object

By default, the predictive variances and distributions are point-wise (per-horizon, marginal), but the interface should also accommodates joint predictions, i.e., covariance matrix returns and joint predictive distributions.

NOTE: this convention allows the `predict` return to lie outside, say, 5/95% prediction quantiles from `predict_interval`, since the return of `predict` is the predictive mean, not the predictive median; the predictive mean can, in general, be the prediction quantile at any percentage between 0 and 100.

### new methods: signature specification

We specify the function signature of the new methods:

* `predict(self, fh=None, X=None) -> Series` is the target signature of `predict`. This differs from temporary signature to be deprecated (below).

* `predict_var(self, fh=None, X=None, cov=False) -> np.ndarray` returns: if `cov=False`, an vector of same length as `fh` with predictive marginal variances; if `cov=True`, a square matrix of size `len(fh)` with predictive covariance matrix

> * `predict_interval(self, fh=None, X=None, alpha=Union[float, np.ndarray[float, dim=1]]) -> pd.DataFrame` returns a `pd.DataFrame` with rows having `fh` as index, and columns having name `[varname]_P[z]` where `varname` are variable names in `y` (passed to `fit`), and `z` are requested quantiles (in percentage, as float-print, without the `%` symbol). If `y` has no variable names (e.g., a `Series` without `name` attribute), the column names are `P[z]` instead. Entries are the predictive quantile for the horizon in the row, for the variable with `varname` at the quantile `z`, as in the column. If `alpha` is a float, then the returned quantiles are `alpha`, `0.5` and `1-alpha` for all variables in `y`. If `alpha` is a vector, then the returned quantiles are exactly the elements of `alpha`, for all variables in `y`.

Reviewer: What should the return type look like for a multivariate series? Would we just add more columns or would it make sense to have a list of pd.DataFrames (one pd.DataFrame for each univariate series/variable) or some kind of nested pd.DataFrame?

Author: well, what I thought it should be is spelled out - just multiple columns, with the naming convention `[varname]__P[z]`. Assuming you want 90% confidence bands and pass `alpha=0.1`, and your original `y` had column names `foo`, `bar`, your return will have six columns, named `foo__P10`, `foo__P50`, `foo__P90`, `bar__P10`, `bar__P50`, `bar__P95`

Author: a nicer alternative could be having a column multi-index with first level being variable name, second level being a float index with values from `alpha`? That would allow to display and index non-integer percentages easily.

Perhaps that's the better way?

Reviewer: I like the second option better. Seems more structured to me and it probably makes it easier to plot/process it afterwards.

Author: ok - I've changed the STEP to reflect this and added an example.

### base class defaulting

If `predict_proba` is implemented, the other three `predict` functions default to calls in the following way:

* `predict` calls `predict_proba` and then the mean
* `predict_var` calls `predict_proba` and then the (co-)variance
* `predict_interval` calls `predict_proba` and then the quantile function

(of the distribution object returned by `predict_proba`)
 
### new tags

Each estimator may or may not have the capability to predict variances, intervals, etc. For this, the following boolean tags are introduced, with their obvious meaning:

* `capability:predict_var`
* `capability:predict_interval`
* `capability:predict_proba`

### public/private interface

Each new method has a private counterpart which is called internally, i.e., `_predict_var`, `_predict_interval`, `_predict_proba`. As in the generic `sktime` design, the public method contains "plumbing", while the private class is the extension locus and contains only method logic.

### Downwards compatibility: `predict`

> To ensure downwards compatibility, the `return_pred_int` and `alpha` parameters will still be accepted by `predict` until the end of the next deprecation cycle.
> 
> If these are passed and `return_pred_int=True`, the base class directs the `predict` call to `predict_interval` where possible; for downwards compatibility, a temporary boolean tag `old_predict_interval_logic` directs to `_predict` instead, with the aim to remove prediction interval 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure downwards compatibility, the `return_pred_int` and `alpha` parameters will still be accepted by `predict` until the end of the next deprecation cycle.

If these are passed and `return_pred_int=True`, the base class directs the `predict` call to `predict_interval` where possible; Note: this is always possible once a specific forecaster is refactored. Whether a forecaster is already refactored will be checked for in an additional class method `_has_refactored_predict_interval()`;

Since the return type of prediction intervals also changes, a boolean tag `keep_old_return_type=True` will temporarily be passed to `predict`, allowing the user to decide whether he wants to use the old return type (also possible until the next deprecation cycle". 
```

Author: makes sense, thanks!
